hey it's Jake makes with Phoenix
longevity arts in this video we're going
to further our knowledge of iron bone
we're going to practice a particular set
of iron bone that involves a partner
okay this sets called the eighteen hands
of the iron Monk and it involves you and
your partner bashing your limbs together
to increase bone density and you do this
particular area as part of the entire
set okay so I have an exciting
announcement at the end of this video so
stay tuned okay from here we have a
traditional opening bow okay and we see
how we are staggered so our left arms
are toward each other but we're you know
one step apart from the bow we sink to
horse stance and we're lined up now
we're going to hit our palms together
first one then two then the radius 3
then the radius 4 5 6 then the shin 7 8
Circle it around hit the ulna 9 10 the
other ulna 11 12 the shin again 13 14
then the radius hi 15 16 palms 17 18
bring the left foot in and bow and then
ice down your limbs you know this is a
great set to do it's a really practical
set because it helps you to use the iron
bone in a fighting format and for those
you that our interests we had a few
requests we are coming out with a iron
bone DVD that will have the entire set
from different angles on DVD you can get
the link at our website for Nick's
longevity arts calm or on this YouTube
video and you can order and we'll ship
it to you with free shipping in the
domestic United States so I hope you
enjoyed this 18 hands of the iron monk I
really hope you enjoy the iron bone DVD
practice safely but practice a lot and
increase your bone density with us at
phoenix longevity arts